README.md, before:

# gitcheckout
This simple CLI tool will prompt you to conveniently choose a git branch, using keyboard arrows navigation, and check it out like a boss.

# Why??
Because we're lazy.
And sometimes you're so dedicated to writing long descriptive branch names, and so awesome you're working on 10 features at the same time. The least you can ask for is a CLI list with cool arrows navigation.

# Installation
`npm install -g gitcheckout-cli`

# Usage
In your git repo directory:

`gitcheckout`

If you want to choose a branch from the remote as well (not locally tracked yet):

`gitcheckout -o`

Then you'll be displayed with the available branches list. Simple pick one and hit Enter.
```
? Select branch to checkout: (Use arrow keys)
  develop
  hotfix/some-very-long-name-no-way-ill-remember
  feature/my-awesome-feature
  feature/gitcheckout-is-so-cool
  hotfix/fish-tacos-for-lunch
> master
```

When prompted, you can type in to filter results
```
? Select branch to checkout: fish-t
> hotfix/fish-tacos-for-lunch
```

Display help (yes, it has a '-h' arg)

`gitcheckout -h`

Commit message:

Changed origin branch listing to be default, and -l will display only local. Added -f fetch first option

README.md, after:

# gitcheckout
This simple CLI tool will prompt you to conveniently choose a git branch, using keyboard arrows navigation, and check it out like a boss.

# Why??
Because we're lazy.
And sometimes you're so dedicated to writing long descriptive branch names, and so awesome you're working on 10 features at the same time. The least you can ask for is a CLI list with cool arrows navigation.

# Installation
`npm install -g gitcheckout-cli`

# Usage
In your git repo directory:

`gitcheckout`

If you want to choose a branch only from local branches:

`gitcheckout -l`

If you want to fetch first, before listing branches:

`gitcheckout -f`
> Note: Currently, the "-f" option doesn't handle credentials prompt, and will not fetch in that case, or any other case of "git fetch" failure.

Then you'll be displayed with the available branches list. Simple pick one and hit Enter.
```
? Select branch to checkout: (Use arrow keys)
  develop
  hotfix/some-very-long-name-no-way-ill-remember
  feature/my-awesome-feature
  feature/gitcheckout-is-so-cool
  hotfix/fish-tacos-for-lunch
> master
```

When prompted, you can type in to filter results
```
? Select branch to checkout: fish-t
> hotfix/fish-tacos-for-lunch
```

Display help (yes, it has a '-h' arg)

`gitcheckout -h`
